[Docs] Replace yq package example in EIB Quickstart (#318)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/quickstart/eib.adoc

EIB will then run through a package resolution process at image build time, taking the base image as the input, and attempts to pull and install all supplied packages, either specified via the list or provided locally. EIB downloads all of the packages, including any dependencies into a repository that exists within the output image and instructs the system to install these during the first boot process. Doing this process during the image build guarantees that the packages will successfully install during first-boot on the desired platform, e.g. the node at the edge. This is also advantageous in environments where you want to bake the additional packages into the image rather than pull them over the network when in operation, e.g. for air-gapped or restricted network environments.

> As a simple example to demonstrate this, we are going to install the `nvidia-container-toolkit` RPM package found in the 3rd party vendor-supported NVIDIA repository:

Reviewer: instead of 3rd, replace with "third"

      encryptedPassword: $6$G392FCbxVgnLaFw1$Ujt00mdpJ3tDHxEg1snBU3GjujQf6f8kvopu7jiCBIhRbRvMmKUqwcmXAKggaSSKeUUOEtCP3ZUoZQY7zTXnC1
  packages:
    packageList:
      - nvidia-container-toolkit
    additionalRepos:
      - url: https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/stable/rpm/x86_64
----

> The above is a simple example, but for completeness, you will need to download the NVIDIA package signing key before running the image generation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above is a simple example, but for completeness, download the NVIDIA package signing key before running the image generation:
```

[,bash]
----
$ mkdir -p $CONFIG_DIR/rpms/gpg-keys
$ curl -fsSL https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/gpgkey > rpms/gpg-keys/nvidia.gpg
----

[WARNING]
====

> Adding in additional RPM's via this method is meant for the addition of supported 3rd party components or user-supplied (and maintained) packages; this mechanism should not be used to add packages that wouldn't usually be supported on SLE Micro. If this mechanism is used to add components from openSUSE repositories (which are not supported), including from newer releases or service packs, you may end up with an unsupported configuration, especially when dependency resolution results in core parts of the operating system being replaced, even though the resulting system may appear to function as expected. If you're unsure, please contact your SUSE representative for assistance in determining the supportability of your desired configuration.

Reviewer 2: I suggest to simplify:

"Make sure RPMs added via this method are supported on SLE Micro. That would be supported 3rd party components or user-supplied (and maintained) packages.
By adding packages from unsupported repositories (for example openSUSE), you may end up with an unsupported configuration. If you're unsure, please contact your SUSE representative for assistance in determining the supportability of your desired configuration."

BTW: What do you mean with "user-supplied (and maintained) packages."? Would that be Package Hub? If so, you should explictly mention Package Hub.

Author: Thanks for the review, @fsundermeyer. No, I mean customer created RPM's, e.g. applications that *they* build and want installed on their systems. I also appreciate the attempt at simplifying this, but I think it's important that we have the required context on what can happen if you pull arbitrary packages from 3rd party repo's, which can have core OS dependencies that may go unnoticed.

> Adding in additional RPM's via this method is meant for the addition of supported 3rd party components or user-supplied (and maintained) packages; this mechanism should not be used to add packages that wouldn't usually be supported on SLE Micro. If this mechanism is used to add components from openSUSE repositories (which are not supported), including from newer releases or service packs, you may end up with an unsupported configuration, especially when dependency resolution results in core parts of the operating system being replaced, even though the resulting system may appear to function as expected. If you're unsure, please contact your SUSE representative for assistance in determining the supportability of your desired configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding in additional RPM's via this method is meant for the addition of supported third party components or user-supplied (and maintained) packages; this mechanism should not be used to add packages that would not usually be supported on SLE Micro. If this mechanism is used to add components from openSUSE repositories (which are not supported), including from newer releases or service packs, you might end up with an unsupported configuration, especially when dependency resolution results in core parts of the operating system being replaced, even though the resulting system might appear to function as expected. If you are unsure, contact your SUSE representative for assistance in determining the supportability of your desired configuration.
```

Author: @ranjinimn thanks for this, I've partially accepted this, reason being that you can install some packages from third-party repos and not end up in an unsupported state.

      encryptedPassword: $6$G392FCbxVgnLaFw1$Ujt00mdpJ3tDHxEg1snBU3GjujQf6f8kvopu7jiCBIhRbRvMmKUqwcmXAKggaSSKeUUOEtCP3ZUoZQY7zTXnC1
  packages:
    packageList:
      - nvidia-container-toolkit
    additionalRepos:
      - url: https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/stable/rpm/x86_64
----

The above is a simple example, but for completeness, you will need to download the NVIDIA package signing key before running the image generation:

[,bash]
----
$ mkdir -p $CONFIG_DIR/rpms/gpg-keys
$ curl -fsSL https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/gpgkey > rpms/gpg-keys/nvidia.gpg
----

[NOTE]
====

> Adding in additional RPM's via this method is meant for the addition of supported 3rd party components or user-supplied (and maintained) packages; this mechanism should not be used to add packages that wouldn't usually be supported on SLE Micro. If this mechanism is used to add components from openSUSE repositories (which are not supported), including from newer releases or service packs, you may end up with an unsupported configuration, especially when dependency resolution results in core parts of the operating system being replaced, even though the resulting system may appear to function as expected. If you're unsure, please contact your SUSE representative for assistance in determining the supportability of your desired configuration.

Reviewer 3: nit: I'd probably extract this out as a warning instead.

Author: Done, thank you!

If the build fails, `eib-build.log` is the first log that contains information. From there, it will direct you to the component that failed for debugging.

At this point, you should have a ready-to-use image that will:

> * Deploy SLE Micro 5.5

Reviewer: Question: Do all these bullets need to be sequential or can be in any order? If they need to be an ordered list, I would suggest to number them accordingly.

Author: They're sequential, yes. I'll update for numbers.

> 1. Deploy SLE Micro 5.5

Reviewer 4: Something I've learnt recently is that using '.' You don't need to add numbers

* Configure the root password
* Install the `nvidia-container-toolkit` package

> * Configure an Embedded Container Registry to serve content locally

Reviewer: Any specific reason you have it as "Embedded Container Registry"? Is it the name of the registry? If not, you can have it as: 
```suggestion
* Configure an embedded container registry to serve content locally
```

* Install single-node RKE2
* Configure static networking
* Install KubeVirt

> * Deploy a user-manifest

Reviewer: Question: Should this be `user-manifest`?

Author: No, it shouldn't, will update. Thanks!

If the build fails, `eib-build.log` is the first log that contains information. From there, it will direct you to the component that failed for debugging.

> At this point, you should have a ready-to-use image that will deploy SLE Micro 5.5, configure the root password, install `nvidia-container-toolkit`, configure an embedded registry to serve content locally, install single-node RKE2, configure static networking, install KubeVirt, and deploy a user-manifest.

Reviewer 2: Make this easier to read:

```suggestion
At this point, you should have a ready-to-use image that

* deploys SLE Micro 5.5
* configures the root password
* installs `nvidia-container-toolkit`
* configures an embedded registry to serve content locally
* installs a single-node RKE2
* configures static networking
* installs KubeVirt
* deploys a user-manifest
```

Author: Agreed, done. Thanks!
